Oh.
And you tell the boss of Emgrand shareholders
There is one called Gao
high win high win
He is threatening
What are you wearing here?
Acquire shares of Regency Hotel and pay 1 billion
Electronics factory waste like you
I can count you as amazing if you can take out 100,000, okay?
What about me? Take it.
If I complete the acquisition of Emgrand's shares
You get out of here and I'll get him out
Plus that dog
Are you crazy?
If you are sick, you can treat it, okay?
I don't have time to accompany you here
You guys take him down for me
Stop it, boss
Hey boss
Why are you here?
How did that happen?
Let me tell you something.
This brat is making trouble here
I'm about to clean him up
Gao Sheng, you reverse black and white
Be conscious
Shut up
How dare you be arrogant with the boss here?
Boss, this kid has to be dealt with today
Otherwise, what is the face of Emgrand?
Come on, kill it
You're dead, brat